=head1 DESCRIPTION OF ASCIITEX SYNTAX

=over

=item C<\frac{a}{b}>

A fraction of a and b.

=item C<a^{b}>

A superscript. One can also omit the braces. In this  case  the first character following ^ will be superscripted.

=item C<a_{b}>

A  subscript.  Works  just  like the superscript (well, not exactly of course).

=item C<\sqrt[n]{a}>

A n-th root of a, the argument [n] is optional. Without it it produces the square root of a.

=item C<\sum>

Expands to a sigma

=item C<\prod>

Expands to the product mark (pi).

=item C<\int>

Expands to the integral mark.

=item C<\oint>

A closed path integral.

=item C<\left(> , C<\right)>

Expands to braces which adept to the height of their content. Available left braces are: C<([{|> The correspondingright  braces  are:  C<)]}|>  All brace  types can be opened by C<\left.>  or closed by <\right.>, producing a single right or left brace, respectively.

=item C<\leadsto>

Expands to an arrow (C<< ~> >>), May look ugly depending on your fonts.

=item C<\to>

Expands to an arrow (C<< -> >>).

       \limit{x}
       Expands to a limit, i.e. \limit{x \to 0}.

       \overline{X}
       Draws a line above expression X

       \underline{X}
       Draws a line under expression X

       \lceil
       Left ceiling symbol

       \rceil
       Right ceiling symbol

       \lfloor
       Left floor symbol

       \rfloor
       Right floor symbol

       \\
       Insert a line break.

       \begin{array}[pos]{column alignments}
          a00 & a01 & ... a0n \\
          a10 & a11 & ... a1n \\
          ... & ... & ... ... \\
          am0 & am1 & ... amn
       \end{array}
       Makes an array. The optional argument pos sets  the  alignment  of  the
       array  to t(op), b(ottom) or c(enter). The column alignments consist of
       one character per column, l(eft), c(enter), or r(ight). Currently asci-
       iTeX  does  notsupport vertical or horizontal lines, e.g. the column-
       alignment specification \{|c|}\ will lead to  errors.  Note,  that  the
       string  \begin{array}  must  not contain spaces. Cells of the array may
       contain formulas and sub-arrays.

       \a
       Escapes the character a. Useful for inserting characters like ^, and  _
       in your equation.

=back


=head1 EXAMPLES

You can copy and paste some of these examples in the equation input field and hit generate to see what it does.

\frac{1}{1+x}

\lfloorx\rfloor = x -\frac{1}{2} + \sum_{k=1}^{\infty}
\frac{sin(2 Pi k x)}{pi k}

\begin{array}{ccc}
x_{11} & x_{12} & x_{13}\\
x_{21} & x_{22} & x_{23}\\
x_{31} & x_{32} & x_{33}
\end{array}

\left[
\begin{array}{ccc}
x_{11} & x_{12} & x_{13}\\
x_{21} & x_{22} & x_{23}\\
x_{31} & x_{32} & x_{33}
\end{array}
\right]

\int_0^W \frac{np}{n+p}dx = \int_0^W \frac{n_0}{exp \left( 
\frac{E_0(x-x_0)}{kT} \right)+exp \left( -\frac{E_0(x-x_0)}{kT}\right)}
dx=\frac{n_0kT}{E_0} \left[ arctan \left( exp 
\left[\frac{E_0(x-x_0)}{kT}\right]\right)\right]^{x=W}_{x=0}~ 
\frac{n_0kT}{E_0} pi

f(x) = \left{\begin{array}{lr} 
\frac{1}{x+1} +12 & \-12<x<0\\
 & \\ 13-x & x<\-12, x>0
\end{array}\right.

a = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2} + 
\frac{1}{\sqrt{2} + 
\frac{1}{\sqrt{2} + 
\frac{1}{\sqrt{2} + ...
}}}}

